README.md, before:

# express-domaining

Express middleware to automatically create and destroy a [domain](https://nodejs.org/api/domain.html).

[READ THIS BEFORE USING THIS MODULE!](https://nodejs.org/api/domain.html#domain_domain)

Allows you to respond to requests that had and unexpected error using your express error handlers and
rethrows the exception to be captured by your own unhandledExcetion/cluster code

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/express-domaining.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/express-domaining)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/telefonica/node-express-domaining.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/telefonica/node-express-domaining)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/telefonica/node-express-domaining.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/telefonica/node-express-domaining)

## Installation

```bash
npm install express-domaining
```

## Basic usage

```js
var express = require('express'),
    expressDomain = require('express-domaining');

var app = express();
app.use(expressDomain());

app.listen(3000);
```

## License

Copyright 2015 [Telefónica Investigación y Desarrollo, S.A.U](http://www.tid.es)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

[[FIX]] Signal the process when error happens

README.md, after:

# express-domaining

Express middleware to automatically create and destroy a [domain](https://nodejs.org/api/domain.html).

[READ THIS BEFORE USING THIS MODULE!](https://nodejs.org/api/domain.html#domain_domain)

Allows you to respond to requests that had and unexpected error using your express error handlers and
signal the process with a 'SIGTERM' to be captured by your own process/cluster code

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/express-domaining.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/express-domaining)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/telefonica/node-express-domaining.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/telefonica/node-express-domaining)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/telefonica/node-express-domaining.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/telefonica/node-express-domaining)

## Installation

```bash
npm install express-domaining
```

## Basic usage

```js
var express = require('express'),
    expressDomain = require('express-domaining');

var app = express();
app.use(expressDomain());

app.listen(3000);
```

## License

Copyright 2015 [Telefónica Investigación y Desarrollo, S.A.U](http://www.tid.es)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
